Name of the Problem:- Help me with my mood
Team size:- 4
Team Members details:-
1.	Vishal Bansal(Team leader)
2.	Shubham Sharma
3.	Lakshya Namdev
4.	Ritik Agarwal
Problem Statement:- With the advances in technology about sentiment analysis and predictive analytics, it has opened many avenues for researchers and enterprises to understand human mental state better. The proposed challenge is to know the emotion/mood of a person, to help in eliminating any negative state of mind that might have adverse effect on his/her daily life.
PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:- A person’s emotions and moods have direct bearings on his/her daily activities. It is necessary to eliminate negative emotions that our family or friends might be experiencing, to help them lead a better life. Research has shown that social networking activity is a good source to gauge a person’s state of mind [1]. Mood of a user is often reflected in his/her social content, like tweets, blogs, article, status updates, etc. Timely analysis of a user’s social media can be used to improve the feelings, and even save a person’s life in an extreme case! Hence it becomes important to regularly analyze the social-media health of our friends and family to take timely action.
Scope of the work :- Now a days all of us are surrounded by social platform . we spend lot of time on the social site. The result is our every moment of life and emotion are easily analyise by our social profile. By this work we can easily analysis the person mood by his post and try to lift his mood. The result is we make person happy …….
Technologies used:-
Python:- python is very supportive and easy language with lots of inbuilt library . python is used to  solve the problem. We use the tweepy library for getting connecting to the twitter api using python . and json library to get to tweets in json file form and tk library for the solution frame work.

Platform:- IBM Watson , Python ,spider.

APIs :-  the most useful twitter APIs  search api is used in the solution to get the tweet of user in our solution . the search api is very useful and easy to use api.
 Ibm Watson tone analyser api to analysis the mood of the users.


Working :-
Solution work on following steps:-
1.	Enter the user name of twitter.
2.	Click on the  login button
3.	Emotion of the user show 
4.	Suggest stuff for lifting the user mood
Team member role:-
 
Vishal Bansal:- Basic concept  of the solution and getting tweets of from the twitter using twitter api and python tweepy  library
Shubham Sharma:- IBM WATSON using and contectivity of the solution.
Lakshy Namdev:- framework design 
Ritik Agarwal:- json file handling
